Cortex XSOAR Sigma Rules (#35496)
demisto/content: Packs/Sigma/README.md

# Sigma

#### Overview

> The Sigma Detection Rules Pack provides integration with Sigma, a generic and open signature format for SIEM systems. This pack enables you to create, manage, and utilize Sigma detection rules within Cortex XSOAR. Sigma rules allow you to describe relevant log events in a straightforward and universal format, which can be easily converted to SIEM-specific queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sigma Detection Rules content pack provides an integration with Sigma, a generic and open signature format for SIEM systems. This content pack enables you to create, manage, and utilize Sigma detection rules within Cortex XSOAR. Sigma rules allow you to describe relevant log events in a straightforward and universal format, which can be easily converted to SIEM-specific queries.
```

#### What does this pack do?

> This new pack enables the user to import Sigma rules either via a string or by a file into the XSOAR TIM. Once in the system the user can use the built in scripts to convert there newly added rules into the format of his choice and use it to query 3rd party security products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new pack enables you to import Sigma rules either via a string or by a file into the Cortex XSOAR TIM. Once in the system you can use the built-in scripts to convert the newly added rules into the format of your choice and use it to query 3rd party security products.
```

> #### Content delivered with the pack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Content delivered with the content pack
```

> - An additional XSOAR indicator type called "Sigma Rule".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An additional Cortex XSOAR indicator type called "Sigma Rule".
```

- All the relevant fields needed to store the data of the "Sigma Rule" indicator.
- A new layout for the newly added indicator type.
- Utility scripts needed to import Sigma rules and export them in the user chosen format.

##### Additional Information

> _For more information about Sigma and its usages please visit [Sigma HQ](https://sigmahq.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_For more information about Sigma and its uses, visit [Sigma HQ](https://sigmahq.io/).
```
